# Usage Tracking

Some nice general description.

<woocommerce-grow-tracking-jsdoc>
<!---
Everything below will be automatically generated by `woocommerce-grow-tracking-jsdoc`.
Do not edit it manually!
-->

### [`datepicker_update`](eventTracks.js#L20)
Triggered when datepicker (date ranger picker) is updated,
 with report name and data that comes from `DateRangeFilterPicker`'s `onRangeSelect` callback
#### Properties
| name | type | description |
| ---- | ---- | ----------- |
`report` | `string` | eport  Name of the report (e.g. `"dashboard" \| "reports-programs" \| "reports-products" \| "product-feed"`)
`country` | `module:eventTracks~CountryCode` | Value selected in datepicker.
`compare` | `string` | mpare Value selected in datepicker.
`period` | `string` | eriod  Value selected in datepicker.
`before` | `module:eventTracks~DateTime` | ore  Value selected in datepicker.
`after` | `module:eventTracks~DateTime` | ter   Value selected in datepicker.
#### Emitters
- [`DatepickerStartDate`](Component.js#L23) with `report: props.trackEventReportId` and `data` given by `DateRangeFilterPicker`'s `onRangeSelect` callback.
- [`exports`](Component.js#L33)

### [`modal_closed`](eventTracks.js#L40)
A modal is closed.
#### Properties
| name | type | description |
| ---- | ---- | ----------- |
`context` | `string` | Indicates which modal is closed
`action` | `string` | Indicates the modal is closed by what action (e.g. `maybe-later`\|`dismiss` \| `create-another-campaign`)                             - `maybe-later` is used when the "Maybe later" button on the modal is clicked                             - `dismiss` is used when the modal is dismissed by clicking on "X" icon, overlay, generic "Cancel" button, or pressing ESC                             - `create-another-campaign` is used when the button "Create another campaign" is clicked                             - `create-paid-campaign` is used when the button "Create paid campaign" is clicked                             - `confirm` is used when the button "Confirm", "Save"  or similar generic "Accept" button is clicked
#### Emitters
- [`SuccessGuide`](Component.js#L14) with `action: 'create-paid-campaign' | 'maybe-later' | 'view-product-feed' | 'dismiss'`

### [`modal_opened`](eventTracks.js#L33)
A modal is opened.
#### Properties
| name | type | description |
| ---- | ---- | ----------- |
`context` | `string` | Indicates which modal is open
#### Emitters
- [`SuccessGuide`](Component.js#L14) with `context: GUIDE_NAMES.SUBMISSION_SUCCESS`

<!---
End of `woocommerce-grow-tracking-jsdoc`-generated content.
-->
</woocommerce-grow-tracking-jsdoc>

More nice general description.
